Add host metrics grafana dashboard (#2334)
ACINQ/eclair: docs/Monitoring.md

      - targets: ['<url of the eclair http embedded server>']
 ```

Eclair provides many [Grafana](https://grafana.com/) dashboards to help you monitor your lightning node, which you can find in the `monitoring` folder of this repository. Follow the [Grafana documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/export-import/#import-dashboard) to import these dashboards and create new ones if necessary.

> Note: Do not forget to add `Prometheus` as data source in grafana(see [grafana documentation](https://prometheus.io/docs/visualization/grafana/#creating-a-prometheus-data-source) for more details)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: do not forget to add `Prometheus` as a data source in grafana (see [grafana documentation](https://prometheus.io/docs/visualization/grafana/#creating-a-prometheus-data-source) for more details)
```

      - targets: ['<url of the eclair http embedded server>']
 ```

> After setting up with the prometheus, download [grafana](https://grafana.com/grafana/download) and visit grafana-web via `http://localhost:3000`. Finally, you can import monitoring dashboards available at monitoring directory(see the [grafana documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/export-import/#import-dashboard) for more details).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eclair provides many [Grafana](https://grafana.com/) dashboards to help you monitor your lightning node, which you can find in the `monitoring` folder of this repository. Follow the [Grafana documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/export-import/#import-dashboard) to import these dashboards and create new ones if necessary.
```
